Hello?
Sorry to bother you, sir.
We're inquiring into a missing baby.
A baby? A misplaced baby?
What do you mean, Dad?
What are you doing, Trevor?
It's a long story.
I rang earlier about a baby
that was left behind
at St. Aldwyn's School.
-Let's start with your last name, sir.
-It's Bingley.
So the name's Mr. Bin?
Is that correct?
Well, it's "Bin" and then "gley."
Got it.
So Bin's your first name, Mr. Glee?
Hello?
Time for plan B.
Oh, hello. It's Trevor Bingley
from Housesitters Deluxe.
We are looking for
a highly responsible individual
with maturity.
Right, yes.
Sorry.
'Tis the season to be jolly
Fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la
Cheers.
Oh, goodness.
This is an emergency.
We have a missing infant.
Whose baby is this?
Trevor?
Trevor!
-No!
-I'm afraid we have a problem.
How old is he?
Oh, about three months.
He's huge for three months.
Well, you should see his mother.